Dad, they bullied me and Xiaoxue
Hit my mom and the others
I'm just not human
What are you doing?
Dragged out and interrupted the major general
Someone, Mr. Gao, Mr. Gao, please save your life
Please save me, Mr. Gao
Wan Zong Wan Zong
Forgive me! It's not my fault!
It's all Mr. Gao's fault, forgive me
Mr. Gao, I moved your people, are you okay?
Don't dare, don't dare to kneel down for me
You, the richest man in the river, don't need to be a conscience
The transmission continues to bankrupt the Gao family
I have worked hard all my life
I just got to where I am today
You can't do this.
You can't treat me like this, what kind of betrayal are you?
Mr. Duan's life is not bad without you
Take it away from me
Mr. Wan
Wan Yue let us play the football field, please forgive me
Please forgive me. I was wrong.
Can we be together again?
You don't think you are disgusting
Did I say
You have no idea what you're missing.
Mr. Wan, I was wrong.
I missed it.
Ask the moon ask the moon